# 2015-03-06 11:00-12:00, 2538 Channing Way

## Attendees

- Nick
- Wenson

- Professor Larry Rosenthal
- Stephen Cataldo

## Notes

Meeting started at 11:02.

Wenson pitched three possible ideas to the clients.
## Idea 1
User selects categories/topics

## Idea 2
User answers a long(ish), more detailed survey to give algorithm necessary information
- Possibility of using Pew Research type surveys, which contain a reasonable number of questions and are written to be able to easily identify the survey taker's stance on various issues
- *Question for everyone to ponder: What is the smallest distance between two Gladiators point of view that we will pair?*

## Idea 3
Quora-style selection where users select topics that they are interested in and then take a short survey per topic
- Have a high-level tagging of topics and then more specific tags for self identification.  Then blend in some questions to gain better heuristics.
- Have to account for not only the position of people on a spectrum, but also their inertia on the spectrum.
- To close a topic, users complete a venn-diagram type survey where users have to listen to one another and find points of consensus.  Consider the ability to publish a consesnsus to the web.

**Self-identification, that is getting an idea of what someone self-identifies as and showing them that there is some part of them that doesn't necessarily agree with what the user self-identifies as (i.e. border crossing) is key to the entire user experience.**

Meeting adjourned 12:11.
